# Wish Docs

Welcome to the Wish official documentation. If you're new to the project, make
sure you check out the [README][README] for a high-level overview of the project
and how to get started. From there, take a look at the [examples][examples].
They're ordered by complexity and will show you how to use Wish. If you're
looking for additional functionality not shown in the examples, I'd highly
recommend checking out the [godoc][pkg.go.dev]. The godoc showcases all of the
functionality available to you with Wish alongside descriptions on what those
functions do.

If you want *more* examples from projects of various sizes,
[sourcegraph][sourcegraph] is a great code search tool that can help you find
other projects that use Wish. A great way to leverage this tool is when looking
at our API (in the godoc), do a global search for that specific function. e.g.
`wish.NewServer`. If you have questions about the limitations of Wish, we're
happy to help, though given we're a small team of maintainers, it may take some
time. In the meantime, you may find that [phorm.ai][phorm] is helpful in
answering your questions about Charm projects. We've found it to be quite
helpful so far.

This directory includes additional information about how Wish works. The topics
chosen for this section are based on frequently asked questions in the
community. If there's a topic you'd like to see covered in this section, please
submit an [issue][issue] with links to or quotes of questions on that topic.
That will allow us to ensure we're answering the question effectively.

[README]: https://github.com/charmbracelet/wish?tab=readme-ov-file#wish
[examples]: https://github.com/charmbracelet/wish/tree/main/examples#wish-examples
[pkg.go.dev]:https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/charmbracelet/wish
[issue]: https://github.com/charmbracelet/wish/issues/new/choose
[phorm]: https://www.phorm.ai
[sourcegraph]: https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+wish.NewServer&patternType=keyword&sm=0
